cloud.demos/HOL7605/README.md, before:

# Oracle OpenWorld 2016 #

# #7605 - Hands On Tutorial #

### Introduction

Oracle Cloud is the industry’s broadest and most integrated public cloud. It offers best-in-class services across software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), and infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and even lets you put Oracle Cloud in your own data center. Oracle Cloud helps organizations drive innovation and business transformation by increasing business agility, lowering costs, and reducing IT complexity.

----

### Prerequisites ###

Get the following details ready to complete the tutorial:

+ Oracle Cloud **identity domain** - Instructor provides the details
+ Oracle Cloud account **username** and **password** - Instructor provides the details.

#### Prepare your desktop to access the assigned cloud enviroment ###
Open a terminal and copy the file `/u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos/environment.properties.DOMAINID` (where DOMAINID phrase needs to be replaced with Oracle Cloud **identity domain** distributed by the Instructor) into the file `/u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos/environment.properties` 

    $ [oracle@localhost Desktop]$ cd /u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos
    $ [oracle@localhost cloud.demos]$ cp environment.properties.DOMAINID environment.properties

----

###SpringBoot sample application development lifecycle using Oracle Developer Cloud Service, Application Container Cloud Service and Oracle Enterprise Pack For Eclipse###

1. [Create Oracle Developer Cloud Service project for SpringBoot demo application.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/create.devcs.project.springboot.md)
2. [Create continuous build integration using Oracle Developer Cloud Service and Oracle Application Container Cloud Service.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/devcs.accs.ci.md)
3. [Using Eclipse IDE (Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse) with Oracle Developer Cloud Service.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/setup.oepe.md)
4. [Deploy TechCo Demo application to Oracle Java Cloud Service. This application will provide REST interface for SpringBoot sample application.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/HOL7605/deployTechCoApp.md)
5. [Implement new function (REST client) in SpringBoot sample application using Service Bindings to access Oracle Java Cloud Services.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/change.mgmt.devcs.md)

Commit message:

changing the title + removing Introduction

cloud.demos/HOL7605/README.md, after:

# Oracle OpenWorld 2016 #

# #7605 - Hands On Tutorial #


### Prerequisites ###

Get the following details ready to complete the tutorial:

+ Oracle Cloud **identity domain** - Instructor provides the details.
+ Oracle Cloud account **username** and **password** - Instructor provides the details.

#### Prepare your desktop to access the assigned cloud enviroment ###
Open a terminal and copy the file `/u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos/environment.properties.DOMAINID` (where DOMAINID phrase needs to be replaced with Oracle Cloud **identity domain** distributed by the Instructor) into the file `/u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos/environment.properties` 

    $ [oracle@localhost Desktop]$ cd /u01/content/weblogic-innovation-seminars/cloud.demos
    $ [oracle@localhost cloud.demos]$ cp environment.properties.DOMAINID environment.properties

----

###End-to-End DevOps for Cloud-Native Java Applications Running in Oracle Cloud###

1. [Create Oracle Developer Cloud Service project for SpringBoot demo application.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/create.devcs.project.springboot.md)
2. [Create continuous build integration using Oracle Developer Cloud Service and Oracle Application Container Cloud Service.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/devcs.accs.ci.md)
3. [Using Eclipse IDE (Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse) with Oracle Developer Cloud Service.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/setup.oepe.md)
4. [Deploy TechCo Demo application to Oracle Java Cloud Service. This application will provide REST interface for SpringBoot sample application.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/HOL7605/deployTechCoApp.md)
5. [Implement new function (REST client) in SpringBoot sample application using Service Bindings to access Oracle Java Cloud Services.](https://github.com/oracle-weblogic/weblogic-innovation-seminars/blob/caf-12.2.1/cloud.demos/jcs.basics/change.mgmt.devcs.md)
